### ABOUT ###

In short, this is an attempt at continuing to do scientific research in a meaningful way, 
until I hopefully find my way back to a broadly promising research path. I was a grad 
student in Chris Rycroft's group between 2013 and 2019, and decided in 2019 that I needed 
time away from my program in order to reevaluate my core competencies and, to some extent, 
whether I was really qualified to pursue a Ph.D. I've since discovered that doing any 
kind of meaningful science outside of academia is actually kind of hard; apart from the 
obvious limitations (fewer opportunities for discussions, limited access to journal 
articles, library resources, computational infrastructure) there are the somewhat more 
subtle challenges associated with not only maintaining academic integrity, but, to some 
extent, creating or willing it into existence. It's possible to stumble into exciting 
questions or results on your own, but without any sort of solid institutional 
epistemological context, a lot of work is needed to get anyone else to care, and even 
then, one must live with the possibility that someone else (possibly another 'independent 
researcher', or even a complete stranger) will claim all the major results. The main 
difficulty in the world of Open Science, Citizen Science and their like, I believe, isn't 
outreach or getting people to care; it's in teaching (or maybe even allowing) amateur 
scientists to really hold themselves accountable. That is, giving a reason to keep 
accurate and meaningcul logs of what it is that one plans to do and accomplish on a day 
to day basis. Without this, Open Science isn't really "science" per se, as much as a 
source of "inspired hypotheses" (or worse.) The disruptive potential is sadly as real as 
the Prime Directive of Starfleet is fiction. Science is about more than answers to 
questions: how those answers are reached is equally if not more valuable in the long run, 
because we need to know what actually works and what doesn't, what behaviors are 
tolerable and which are potentially worth avoiding.

Github is in some ways a "least action" solution to this potential problem; it can 
function as a somewhat robust ledger, albeit with the vulnerabilities of any data that 
is communicated exclusively over the internet. It's far from perfect, but it beats 
anything that I could possibly come up with this year. My goal is to experiment with 
recording as much of my research process as possible, without compromising clarity or 
wasting too much time trying to say things perfectly. Really holding myself accountable 
requires someone else caring enough to read what I write, and their job really ought to 
be as tolerable as possible (and not just because I might end up in a similar position.)
